Added the hidden key to the pack metadata file (#1156)
demisto/content-docs: docs/packs/packs-format.md

| useCases | List | Use-cases implemented by the pack. |
| keywords | List | List of strings by which the pack can be found in Cortex XSOAR marketplace. |
| marketplaces    | List | List of marketplaces in which the pack can be found (XSOAR XSIAM). |

> | hidden | Boolean | Whether to remove the pack from the bucket. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| hidden | Boolean | Whether to hide the pack from the Marketplace. Updates to this pack will not be published to the marketplace and it cannot be installed. |
```
